# Comm-Lab-Assignment2

Project Name: Assignment 2: Comic Strip (Aquarium Comic)

Project Description: What is the project, what is the overall concept and theme, and what kind of experience you were striving to create.

The project consists of creating an interactive comic within a website. The website used different topics covered in class including using CSS flexbox and grids, jquery, scrolling animations, jQuery animations, and Adobe Photoshop and Illustrator. We tried to create an interesting and entertaining user experience through the use of animations and interactivity and an entertaining story with the comics. The comic tells a story about an axolotl introduced to a new aquarium. The axolotl realizes a boy is touching the glass which causes the glass to break and lets the axolotl gain its freedom.

Process: How did you go about implementing the concept. Describe your role and what your contribution was.

I think implementing the concept was challenging. My main role throughout the project was to create the graphics and characters using Adobe Photoshop and Illustrator. Since all the graphics were created by me, the process was time-consuming and it required a lot of effort. The process consisted of designing by hand each graphic and then tracing it with Adobe Illustrator to compose a final image with Adobe Photoshop. I used vectors in Illustrator which requires a great amount of time and precision to create high-quality graphics. My main contribution was to complete the aesthetic and creativity part of the project. All the characters, text bubbles, and items in the comic were created. One of the most important parts of my role was to implement McCloud’s principles. I tried to implement several of them. First, the use of lines and how they can convey various meanings. I used it by using different text fonts which gave a sense of identity to each of the characters. Another usage of line was to express emotions such as in the final scene where the axolotl bumps into the window or when the axolotl is flying towards the window. I also used an icon in the poster to represent an idea that everyone could understand. Other concepts from the book were also implemented regarding line boldness, time, and motion. 

Reflection/Evaluation: This should bookend the initial concept and talk about whether your expectations and goals were met in the process of building the final working version.

I think I met several expectations and goals I had set initially. First, I was proud of the final contribution I made to the project. Although it required a huge amount of time, the final outcome met my expectations. When we placed together all our work, I think we achieved our expectations. For my role in specific, I tried to implement several of McCloud’s principles and I think several of his concepts were represented throughout the comic. One of the main changes I think we needed was more connection between the team members and time management. Although I was satisfied with the final work, I think we needed more time to plan and place things together. There was clear communication between team members but I think we could have improved the project by meeting more time in person and discussing several ideas. Overall, I was satisfied with the final outcome and the contribution of each team member. I think I got to learn a lot from my teammates and also learn different techniques in Adobe and website creation as well as understanding more about concepts within comics. 
